this is three in sixty seconds your
whistle stops all Britain's best
ballroom battle it was a night of jazz
hands top hat and hairspray for our 13
couples as they performed on striptease
first-ever Broadway special some couples
her West End smash you were more than
survivors it was a Rocky Horror Show
you didn't really capture for me the
speed of this on illegal lifts will not
be tolerated and I think you're playing
with fire as ever the judges couldn't
help but raid on several brain sharp it
was all too loose sort of nail it all
for one couple it was that final curtain
done and heading straight back to
training watch their razzle-dazzle
routines come together throughout the
week right here at BBC co-taught UK
forward slash strictly